
## 1. What is a prompt?
- [ ] A prompt is a pre-trained generative AI model that serves as a starting point for fine-tuning and customizing the generation of specific types of content.
- [ ] A prompt is a long piece of text that is used to debug the large language model.
- [x] A prompt is a short piece of text that is given to the large language model as input, and it can be used to control the output of the model in many ways.
- [ ] A prompt is a short piece of text that is used to train the large language model.

## 2. What is Generative AI?
- [x] Generative AI is a type of artificial intelligence (AI) that can create new content, such as text, images, audio, and video.
- [ ] Generative AI is a type of artificial intelligence (AI) that can create new content which guarantees accuracy and truthfulness.
- [ ] Generative AI is a type of artificial intelligence (AI) that is designed to generate unbiased opinions in the content it produces.
- [ ] Generative AI is a type of artificial intelligence (AI) that can generate new and original ideas or solutions without being trained on existing data.

## 3. What is an example of both a generative AI model and a discriminative AI model?
- [ ] A generative AI model could be trained on a dataset of images of cats and then used to classify new images of cats. A discriminative AI model could be trained on a dataset of images of cats and dogs and then used to predict new images as either cats or dogs.
- [ ] A generative AI model could be trained on a dataset of images of cats and dogs and then used to classify new images as either cats or dogs. A discriminative AI model could be trained on a dataset of images of cats and then used to generate new images of cats.
- [ ] A generative AI model could be trained on a dataset of images of cats and then used to cluster images of cats. A discriminative AI model could be trained on a dataset of images of cats and dogs and then used to predict as either cats or dogs.
- [x] A generative AI model could be trained on a dataset of images of cats and then used to generate new images of cats. A discriminative AI model could be trained on a dataset of images of cats and dogs and then used to classify new images as either cats or dogs.

> Generative AI model 將根據已知數據生成新內容。例如，它可以基於貓的圖像數據集來生成新的貓圖像。Discriminative AI model 則是用來進行分類的，例如，基於貓和狗的圖像數據集，預測新圖像是貓還是狗。

## 4. Hallucinations are words or phrases that are generated by the model that are often nonsensical or grammatically incorrect. What are some factors that can cause hallucinations? Select three options.
- [ ] The model is trained on too much data.
- [x] The model is not given enough context.
- [x] The model is trained on noisy or dirty data.
- [x] The model is not trained on enough data.

## 5. What are foundation models in Generative AI?
- [ ] A foundation model is the first step in the generative AI process, responsible for creating the basic building blocks that are used to create more complex models.
- [ ] A foundation model is used to create new types of software that can generate different types of content.
- [x] A foundation model is a large AI model pretrained on a vast quantity of data that was "designed to be adapted” (or fine-tuned) to a wide range of downstream tasks, such as sentiment analysis, image captioning, and object recognition.
- [ ] A foundation model is used to improve the performance of other models by fine-tuning other models, which can help them to learn how to generate more accurate and realistic content.

> Foundation models 是經過大量數據預訓練的AI模型，這些模型可以適應許多不同的任務，例如情感分析、圖像標註和物體識別。它們可以透過微調來適應具體應用，使其在各種下游任務中發揮作用。
